add qfieldsync layer properties doc (#316)
opengisch/QField-docs: documentation/get-started/tutorials/get-started-qfs.en.md

    layer is used in the basemap and will not be available in the
    packaged project.

Properties

> :   There are some set up possibilities in the properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   There are some additional options to fine tune your QField project in the properties.
```

1. Lock geometries

> 2. Set up the attachment default naming, please refer to the [Configurable picture path](../picture/#configurable-picture-path)

Reviewer 2: can you adjust it here please, @lucienicolier ?

> 2. Set up the attachment default naming, please refer to the [Configurable picture path](../picture/#configurable-picture-path)

Author: no need, with @nirvn we decided to keep pictures, for now, not to break any path

> 3. Set up the number of maximum of items shown in the relation editor widget

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Set up the maximum number of items shown in the relation editor widget
```
